Feature/issue 74 update widget driver documentation to match new annotations (#94)
bmw-tech/widget_driver: widget_driver/doc/widget_drivers.md

**Now what about those annotations?**  
They are needed for the `testDrivers` to be generated correctly. So for all properties and methods which you expose to the widget, you will need to add these annotations.

For properties and methods you add `@TestDriverDefaultValue({default_value})`.  
The `default_value` should be the default value which you want to use when this widget is being created by other widgets under test.

> For properties and methods which returns futures, then you add `@TestDriverDefaultFutureValue({default_value})`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For properties and methods which returns futures, you have to add `@TestDriverDefaultFutureValue({default_value})`.  
```
